# mapmaker

This script was for the original, now-abandoned card game I started in pygame before moving to Godot. Whereas the game I'm writing now is meant to be played by two human players, I had originally planned to write a game like Mega Crit's <i>Slay the Spire</i>, in which players traverse a randomly-generated dungeon fighting card battles against AI opponents. This mapmaker was meant to generate the maps the player would have to navigate. More precisely, it generates the four compass-point regions that were supposed to make up the game world, with the player beginning the game at the very center of the map. It uses a numpy array and several pathfinding algorithms to do so. First, it picks a node a sufficient distance from the border of the array from which the player enters. This is the node where the player would encounter the boss of the area. It then draws a random, but always-decreasing-in-length line from that node to a point on the border. From there, it constructs several other paths based on the original one, ensuring that the player has at least one other entrance to the compass point regions from the starting region and that there are enough dead-end paths that the player cannot reach the boss too quickly. Finally, the 
mapmaker checks for certain other parameters I had set--that a region has enough populated nodes with four borders surrounding them, that at least a certain number of nodes but not more than another certain number of nodes have been selected, etc.--and starts the process over if these conditions aren't satisfied. 
The functions at the bottom that run the mapmaker over and over again are for bugtesting--at this point the mapmaker can generate all four regions a thousand times without any errors.
